Add temporaryCacheLocation to Cache Options (#5725) (#5890)
AzureAD/microsoft-authentication-library-for-js: lib/msal-browser/docs/configuration.md

| Option | Description | Format | Default Value |
| ------ | ----------- | ------ | ------------- |
| `cacheLocation` | Location of token cache in browser. | String value that must be one of the following: `"sessionStorage"`, `"localStorage"`, `"memoryStorage"` | `sessionStorage` |

> | `temporaryCacheLocation` | Location of temporary token cache in browser. This option is rarely needed to be configured. Please refer to [caching](https://github.com/AzureAD/microsoft-authentication-library-for-js/blob/dev/lib/msal-browser/docs/caching.md#cached-artifacts) for more. | String value that must be one of the following: `"sessionStorage"`, `"localStorage"`, `"memoryStorage"` | `sessionStorage` |

Reviewer: Is it right to call it "token cache" here?

Author: Thanks, updated!

> | `temporaryCacheLocation` | Location of temporary token cache in browser. This option is rarely needed to be configured. Please refer to [caching](https://github.com/AzureAD/microsoft-authentication-library-for-js/blob/dev/lib/msal-browser/docs/caching.md#cached-artifacts) for more. | String value that must be one of the following: `"sessionStorage"`, `"localStorage"`, `"memoryStorage"` | `sessionStorage` |

Author: ```suggestion
| `temporaryCacheLocation` | Location of temporary cache in browser. This option should only be changed for specific edge cases. Please refer to [caching](https://github.com/AzureAD/microsoft-authentication-library-for-js/blob/dev/lib/msal-browser/docs/caching.md#cached-artifacts) for more. | String value that must be one of the following: `"sessionStorage"`, `"localStorage"`, `"memoryStorage"` | `sessionStorage` |
```
